and in the municipality to equip in
cundinamarca a fire consumed three
houses this and other facts were
registered of course by our eye
from the night of the trunks good the bar
good day you know what it was that caused
what were the causes of this fire
luz elena very good morning I want
tell you that initially they talk that at
it seemed it was a short circuit in the
second floor of one of the three
buildings that was affected after
this voracious fire the most worrying
is what the mayor of bailén says
cundinamarca that do not even have a
official fire department that also
a volunteer group to attend to this
type of emergencies that's why it was
necessary that the police the personnel of the
army and the inhabitants of the sector
attended the emergency with buckets
loaded with water there was
precisely after night to
tell them what happened at this point
from cundinamarca that remains
approximately 40 to about one hour and
45 minutes from the country's capital
these images recorded from a cell phone
show the magnitude of the inc fire and
pili cundinamarca a voracious fire
consumed three amazing houses
cundinamarca
for three hours the inhabitants the
police and members of the colombia battalion
they fought with the flames because in
this site there is no official body of
firefighters in here we have an agreement to
through the fire department
volunteers from the municipality of the table
the municipality does not have the does not have the
resources say the authorities that a
car with lifeguards from the table in
cundinamarca arrived an hour and a half
after and when the conflagration
had consumed the properties if it is a
controlled but another part has been
treaty of ribera ar has worked
here together with here with stretches of
hoses that the municipality of
here the mayor witnesses affirm
that the flames were controlled thanks to
the buckets laden with water that came out
from the adjoining houses or between the
community were the ones who paid the
fire with the help there are also the
soldiers the police then give all
we help more apparently a short in the
second floor of one of the dwellings
originated the flames that consumed
for several hours the three abodes
very few resources very few words
with the fingernails we turn this off a soldier and
two inhabitants of the sector were
injured the mayor said no
there are resources for a machine
firefighters